Wow, the weapon is so hard.
Dear, call the police.
Ye Shaotai
It's the stone in the cesspool.
Smelly and hard
Let's not give him some means to see
He won't bow his head
Dad lottery
Wait a minute, let Xiaoyuer see him with his own eyes
Dear dad just wanted to tell him
See him later?
How do you raise your head in front of the little fish and so on?
Why do you regret it?
Do I give you the next class?
You can spare my daughter
I am Ye Jian Cheng dignified Ye Jiaxi admitted
I mean what I say.
Ok then I kneel
Dad, don't kneel
You forgot we have money
Daughter-in-law, how can we have money?
Yes, we not only have money
One billion more.
One billion little fish.
Can't you talk nonsense?
Missing a migrant worker carrying mercury
How can there be a hundred million?
100 million my dad really has 100 million
Dad won the prize
One billion grand prize